Add Django (#38)
florimondmanca/awesome-asgi: README.md

_Frameworks for building ASGI web applications._

- [Channels](https://channels.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - Asynchronous support for Django, and the original driving force behind the ASGI project. Supports HTTP and WebSockets with Django integration, and any protocol with ASGI-native code.

> - [Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/topics/async/) - From version 3.0, Django has included native ASGI support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Django](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.0/topics/async/) - The web framework for perfectionists with deadlines. Has native ASGI support since version 3.0.
```
